NEW - SMBClientAccessToServer cmdlet (#3783)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2025-ps/smbshare/Block-SmbClientAccessToServer.md

---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: SmbClientAccessToServer.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: SmbShare
ms.date: 02/22/2024
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/smbshare/block-smbclientaccesstoserver?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Block-SmbClientAccessToServer
---

# Block-SmbClientAccessToServer

## SYNOPSIS
Blocks SMB client access to a specified server.

## SYNTAX

```

> Block-SmbClientAccessToServer [-Name] <String[]> -IdentifierType <IdentifierType>

Reviewer: You are missing the H3 parameter set names for both parameter blocks.

> -Identifier <String> [-Description <String>] [-Force] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]

Reviewer: A space is required after the first line.
```suggestion
 -Identifier <String> [-Description <String>] [-Force] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
```

be terminated, and no new connections will be allowed until the block is lifted. To unblock access
to the server, use the `Unblock-SmbClientAccessToServer` cmdlet.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Block SMB client access to a server

```powershell
$params = @{
    Name = "Server01"
    IdentifierType = "ISSUER"
    Identifier = "CN=MyCertificateIssuer"
    Force = $true
}
Block-SmbClientAccessToServer @params
```

This command blocks SMB client access to a server named "Server01" for the based on the client's
certificate. This command runs without prompting for confirmation as the `-Force` parameter is set
to `$true`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob

Runs the cmdlet as a background job. Use this parameter to run commands that take a long time to
complete.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession

Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer. Enter a computer name or a session
object, such as the output of a [New-CimSession](/powershell/module/cimcmdlets/new-cimsession) or

> [Get-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966) cmdlet. The default is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Get-CimSession](/powershell/module/cimcmdlets/get-cimsession) cmdlet. The default is the
```

---
description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.
external help file: SmbClientAccessToServer.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: SmbShare
ms.date: 02/22/2024
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/smbshare/block-smbclientaccesstoserver?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Block-SmbClientAccessToServer
---

# Block-SmbClientAccessToServer

## SYNOPSIS
Blocks SMB client access to a specified server.

## SYNTAX

### Query

```
Block-SmbClientAccessToServer [-Name] <String[]> -IdentifierType <IdentifierType>
 -Identifier <String> [-Description <String>] [-Force] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
 [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObject

```
Block-SmbClientAccessToServer -InputObject <CimInstance[]> -IdentifierType <IdentifierType>
 -Identifier <String> [-Description <String>] [-Force] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
 [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>]  [-AsJob] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The `Block-SmbClientAccessToServer` cmdlet is used to prevent SMB clients from accessing a

Reviewer 2: When using SMB over QUIC client access control
